


1.  master send a discovery packet around.

1a. if node is up and running chop leading address and send on.

1b. if node has problem but can send: report to master. --> brake off.

1c. if node is incapable: do nothing.
    This implies that master will send recovery packet again after time.
    after 'x' discovery packets master gives up. --> print diagnosis, brake off.
    Master has listened on the bus to know who the last receiver was.


When no operator stop or EM stop --+ else print diagnosis and
                                   |      break off.
                                   V
                                   
state after successful 1.:
      master knows all addresses.
      nodes know all addresses.
      nodes are up and running.
      nodes have not yet entered cyclic behaviour.


2. master does ptp exchange with each node in return.

2a. if node has problem but can send: report to master. --> print diagnosis,
                                                            brake off.

2c. if node is incapable: do nothing.
    This implies that master initiate ptp packet exchange again after time.
    after 'x' tries master givers up. --> print diagnosis,
                                          brake off.
    (master knows the station having trouble)


When no operator stop or EM stop --+ else print diagnosis and
                                   |      break off.
                                   V


state after successful 2.:
      all nodes are syncronized to master.
      nodes read their internal state at each sync time.
      outputs are still off.


3. at the first synctime after successful 2. master sends process data frame.
   the output values are reset values.
   (so these reset values should be in the hardware definition.)
   node sends back their input readings.

3a. if master does not recieve the datagram back in 't' time, try again.
    if no response  --> send EMstop package and brake off.


When no operator stop or EM stop --+ else print diagnosis and
                                   |      break off.
                                   |      (a new startup will reveal the break.)
                                   V

state after successful 3.:
      all nodes have received valid data and can now function.



4. nodes do any calculations.
   Master can also do calculations, with the field values as input.

5. at synctime and when true packet has been received, nodes set
   their outputs to the data received and read their inputs.
   (this first happens first at the 2nd synctime. So this is
   where outputs are enabled.)



6. after synctime master sends process data frame.

   Stage 3a. applies here.

7. perhaps do a ptp exchange with one node only.

   goto 4.
    
      
